Add details to find sku (#85)
vendasta/api-gateway-docs: docs/Guides/Sell/FindSKU.md

The SKU is typically different between the demo and production environments so be sure to use the correct values.

## Your Private Products

Product SKUs start with `MP-`. Example: `MP-c4974d390a044c28aec31e421aa662b2`

Addon SKUs start with `A-`. Example: `A-GMXXNQ4ZGD`

> Edition SKUs start with `EDITION-`. Example `EDITION-1234`

Reviewer: Edition **ids** start with `EDITION-`. Edition **SKUs** are the joined format.

```suggestion
Edition SKUs match the format `^MP-.*:EDITION-.*$`. Example `MP-c4974d390a044c28aec31e421aa662b2:EDITION-1234`
```

### Edition SKU (appId:editionId)
Navigate to [https://vendors.vendasta.com/products](https://vendors.vendasta.com/products) and login to view the products table.

Find the product you wish to build the purchase CTA for.

![Product List Page](./images/product-list.png)

Clicking on the product will bring you to the product details page.

From there, the (appId) is located in the url. It starts with `MP-`:

![Product SKU Url](./images/product-id-url.png)

If your product does not support editions the entire editionSKU is the `MP-` prefixed id.

> If your app does use editions your editionSKU will have two parts:
>  - `MP-` prefixed id.
>  - `EDITION-` prefixed id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your app does use editions your editionSKU will have two parts joined by a colon:
 - `MP-` prefixed appId.
 - `EDITION-` prefixed editionId.
```
